As expected of Mr. Qi
I am not as strong as him
You don't answer because you're afraid of being controlled by others again
Don't worry, I'm not that kind of person.
You are 100% controlling the company
I don't interfere
Chen Tianyi, I didn't take him seriously at all
I'm not picking up because your terms are perfect
I don't want to get myself into too deep
I said I'm not investing in your product.
It's about you.
I believe the value you bring cannot be measured by numbers
I admire you.
So please save me
Ok thanks newcomer
My new product launch is about to start.
Get ready for the fruits of your investment
Well, my parents will come too
They've been dying to see you.
Why do you want to see your parents?
Then you will know
Your press conference is live worldwide.
Top Formulator Master Lucy
Please stop being low-key.
Okay, then please help me prepare
You two are talented and beautiful
It's a good match.
Mrs. Zhou, don't say that
After all, I still
You're not still thinking about that scum, are you?
I'm not in the mood to be a piece of junk.
I mean, after all, I don't have a scum
I don't have time to be here with Qi Zulong's talented female appearance
Sooner or later
Hmm, happy cooperation.
Hurry up and cooperate
I just want to see scum humiliating himself now hahaha